# Design Exploration - Started July 13, 2026
Created this llm-agent-exploration folder in docs based on a very intersting youtube video laying out a simple composable/decomposable functional design to managing llm access, llm based workflows, workflow decisioning, and agents and agent management. while the design and framework is in python, it seems easily applicable to this architecture. The discovery of this came as a happy accident as during this time I was evaluating convex pre made components for agents, workflows, messages. 

## Research TODO's
* check out this file to see what I was discussing on next steps of setting up my general framework for managing agents, llms, tools, workflows /Users/leemoore/code/liminal-chat/docs/llm-agent-exploration/o3-exploration.md
* go to /Users/leemoore/code/liminal-chat/docs/llm-agent-exploration/video-transcript-huang.md to see the video I saw this morning that has me wondering about a path that starts with a pattern like this?
* more on pocketflow. flirecrawl these pocketflow documentation pages and place the output in docs/llm-agent-exploration/pocketflow-docs - you will have to create the pocketflow-docs directory. and make sure you are understanding this content
* firecrawl the pocketflow github repo and create a llm-agent-exploration/pocketflow-github.md and fill with detailed notes on the github repo and details that we may want to consider as we plan our agent.
* firecrawl convex components and research espeically components for AI Agents, Workpool, Workflow, Rag, persistent text streaming
* ultrathink through all of this. and I want you to give me some recommendations on how we might proceed. how much should we center around pocketflow. should we use as is in python and figure out how to brigdge into our stack? should we pull key ideas and implement ourselves in typescript in our convex back end. Or should we import convex components for agents and workflows and streaming and then build this pockflow design around our Vercel LLM + convex agent + convex workflow. or should we build this around mastra? or langchain, or should we just ignore pocketflow and continue with our plan to bring in the convex components and just build our framework more intuitively with those components.